---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Trimester 3 Plans
description: Tri3
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 25} }
---

## Machine Learning Project

Planed Elements:
Adapted Titanic model achieving 80% or higher accuracy.
Frontend application with Titanic-themed interface.
Custom machine learning model achieving 90% or higher accuracy.
Backend API for the custom model.
Integration of the custom model and API into a team project.
Incorporation of the model as a supplemental feature for Vance and Dante's CPT.
Roles and Responsibilities:

Roles:
- Vance: Data set research + selection, Plans, and frontend development, reconstruct backend code.
- Ashwin: Code adaptation with new data sets and frontend integration.
- Dante: Backend development and API integration assistance.
- Sai: Assist in frontend coding and backend development.
- Team: Collaboration on data selection and processing as well as model evaluation.

Work on ML project will primarily occur on the following days: 3/11, 3/14-3/20. Weekend work may be necessary due to a gap in the work week for MCQ prep, taking, and reflections.

Brainstormed Data-sets:
- Clash Royale Deck or User Winrate: Use ML to track and predict win-rates for popular decks composed from data. (Vance)
- Financial Time Series Dataset: Historical financial data for time series analysis and forecasting.
- Healthcare Dataset: Patient medical records for healthcare analytics tasks and predictions for survival or payments.

## Personal Plans

Prep in office hours for MCQ presentation on monday, study furthur unknown topics on tuesday post presentation. Take test on wednesday, write relfection on thursday. Friday use as overflow for MCQ work or workday on ML project.